add benchmarking for individual functions (#9)
NotAShelf/microfetch: README.md

dependency trees and increasing build times. The latter is easily mitigated with
Nix's binary cache, though._

>  To benchmark individual functions,
> [Criterion.rs](https://github.com/bheisler/criterion.rs) is used. See their 
> [Getting Started Guide](https://bheisler.github.io/criterion.rs/book/getting_started.html)
> for details or just run `cargo bench` to benchmark everything.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Criterion.rs]: https://github.com/bheisler/criterion.rs
[Getting Started Guide]: https://bheisler.github.io/criterion.rs/book/getting_started.html

To benchmark individual functions, [Criterion.rs] is used. See Criterion's
[Getting Started Guide] for details or just run `cargo bench` to benchmark
all features of Microfetch
```
